Update CHANGELOG to include log-sharing (#1654)
earthly/earthly: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.6.7 - 2022-02-09

Log Sharing (experimental)

This version of Earthly includes an experimental log-sharing feature which will
upload build-logs to the cloud when enabled.

To enable this experimental feature, you must first sign up for an earthly account
by using the [`earthly account register`](https://docs.earthly.dev/docs/earthly-command#earthly-account-register)
command, or by visiting [https://ci.earthly.dev/](https://ci.earthly.dev/)

Once logged in, log-sharing must explicitly be enabled by running:

    earthly config global.disable_log_sharing false

> Eventually, log-sharing will be enabled by default for logged-in users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a future version, log-sharing will be enabled by default for logged-in users, however you will still be able to disable it, if needed.
```

## v0.6.7 - 2022-02-09

Log Sharing (experimental)

> This version of Earthly include an experimental log-sharing feature which will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version of Earthly includes an experimental log-sharing feature which will
```
